>>> AS WE MENTIONED, WE ARE
>>> AS WE MENTIONED, WE ARE ANTICIPATING A FEW KEY HEARINGS
ANTICIPATING A FEW KEY HEARINGS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PAUL MANAFORT’S SECOND
PAUL MANAFORT’S SECOND SENTENCING.
SENTENCING. TRUMP’S FORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN
TRUMP’S FORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN COULD HAVE TEN MORE YEARS ADDED
COULD HAVE TEN MORE YEARS ADDED TO HIS CURRENT SENTENCE OF 47
TO HIS CURRENT SENTENCE OF 47 MONTHS MINUS 9 MONTHS FOR TIME
MONTHS MINUS 9 MONTHS FOR TIME ALREADY SERVED.
ALREADY SERVED. EARLIER TODAY SARAH SANDERS SAID
EARLIER TODAY SARAH SANDERS SAID THE PRESIDENT WILL DECIDE WHEN
THE PRESIDENT WILL DECIDE WHEN HE IS READY WHETHER OR NOT TO
HE IS READY WHETHER OR NOT TO PARDON MANAFORT FOR HIS CRIMES.
PARDON MANAFORT FOR HIS CRIMES. MEANWHILE, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR
MEANWHILE, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN SAID TODAY THERE IS
JOHN BRENNAN SAID TODAY THERE IS NO DOUBT IN HIS MIND THAT TRUMP
NO DOUBT IN HIS MIND THAT TRUMP WILL PARDON MANAFORT.
WILL PARDON MANAFORT. >> I DON’T HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT
>> I DON’T HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT MR. TRUMP IS GOING TO PARDON
MR. TRUMP IS GOING TO PARDON PAUL MANAFORT AT SOME POINT.
PAUL MANAFORT AT SOME POINT. THE QUESTION IS WHEN.
THE QUESTION IS WHEN. IF HE IS ALSO CONVICTED OF STATE
IF HE IS ALSO CONVICTED OF STATE CHARGES, DONALD TRUMP IS NOT
CHARGES, DONALD TRUMP IS NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO PARDON HIM
GOING TO BE ABLE TO PARDON HIM FOR THAT.
FOR THAT. >> WITH US THIS EVENING TO TALK
>> WITH US THIS EVENING TO TALK ABOUT IT RICK WILSON WHOSE VIEWS
ABOUT IT RICK WILSON WHOSE VIEWS ABOUT THE PRESIDENT IS BEST
ABOUT THE PRESIDENT IS BEST EXPRESSED BY THE TITLE OF HIS
EXPRESSED BY THE TITLE OF HIS BOOK EVERYTHING TRUMP TOUCHES
BOOK EVERYTHING TRUMP TOUCHES DIES.
DIES. RICK, ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO HAVE
RICK, ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO HAVE YOU.
YOU. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR COMING
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR COMING ON.
ON. I NOTED LAST WEEK IN REAL TIME
I NOTED LAST WEEK IN REAL TIME THE LIST OF PHYSICAL AILMENTS
THE LIST OF PHYSICAL AILMENTS THAT MANAFORT’S LAWYERS MADE
THAT MANAFORT’S LAWYERS MADE CLEAR THAT THE COURT HEAR THEM
CLEAR THAT THE COURT HEAR THEM OUT ON.
OUT ON. I’M WONDERING IF THEY WERE
I’M WONDERING IF THEY WERE SETTING UP THE PREDICATE FOR A
SETTING UP THE PREDICATE FOR A HUMANITARIAN PARDON THAT THIS
HUMANITARIAN PARDON THAT THIS MAN WHOSE HEALTH IS FALLING
MAN WHOSE HEALTH IS FALLING APART, HE HAS BEEN IN PROTECTIVE
APART, HE HAS BEEN IN PROTECTIVE CUSTODY IN JAIL, DO YOU RICK
CUSTODY IN JAIL, DO YOU RICK WILSON CONSIDER IT AN ARTICLE OF
WILSON CONSIDER IT AN ARTICLE OF FAITH THAT MANAFORT GETS
FAITH THAT MANAFORT GETS PARDONED?
PARDONED? >> I DON’T ACTUALLY.
>> I DON’T ACTUALLY. I WILL TELL YOU TWO REASONS.
I WILL TELL YOU TWO REASONS. ONCE HE IS PARDONED, HE NO
ONCE HE IS PARDONED, HE NO LONGER HAS FIFTH AMENDMENT
LONGER HAS FIFTH AMENDMENT PROTECTION TO NOT INCRIMINATE
PROTECTION TO NOT INCRIMINATE HIMSELF.
HIMSELF. HE CAN BE CALLED BEFORE STATE
HE CAN BE CALLED BEFORE STATE COURTS.
COURTS. THIS GUY IS FACING MORE JEOPARDY
THIS GUY IS FACING MORE JEOPARDY IF HE IS OUT THAN IF HE IS IN.
IF HE IS OUT THAN IF HE IS IN. I THINK WHEN PAUL MANAFORT LOOKS
I THINK WHEN PAUL MANAFORT LOOKS AT THE TWO BIG WEDGES HE IS
AT THE TWO BIG WEDGES HE IS CAUGHT BETWEEN, ON THE ONE HAND
CAUGHT BETWEEN, ON THE ONE HAND HE DOESN’T WANT TO SPEND HIS
HE DOESN’T WANT TO SPEND HIS LIFE IN PRISON.
LIFE IN PRISON. IF HE IS OUT HE OWES OLEG
IF HE IS OUT HE OWES OLEG DERIPASKA MONEY.
DERIPASKA MONEY. IT IS A MIXED BAG FOR MANAFORT
IT IS A MIXED BAG FOR MANAFORT NO MATTER HOW HE PLAYS IT.
NO MATTER HOW HE PLAYS IT. HE MAY LOOK AT MANAFORT AS A
HE MAY LOOK AT MANAFORT AS A TOUGH GUY WHO HAS HELD HIMSELF
TOUGH GUY WHO HAS HELD HIMSELF TOGETHER SO FAR BUT ONLY THE
TOGETHER SO FAR BUT ONLY THE OTHER HAND TRUMP IS INNATELY
OTHER HAND TRUMP IS INNATELY DISLOYAL TO EVERYONE AROUND HIM.
DISLOYAL TO EVERYONE AROUND HIM. >> WHAT IS THE UPSIDE IF YOU ARE
>> WHAT IS THE UPSIDE IF YOU ARE MANAFORT AND YOUR TEAM IN NOT
MANAFORT AND YOUR TEAM IN NOT APOLOGIZING TO THE COURT SHOWING
APOLOGIZING TO THE COURT SHOWING REMORSE?
REMORSE? >> LOOK, I THINK THAT WAS
>> LOOK, I THINK THAT WAS DEFINITELY STRATEGIC PLAY ON
DEFINITELY STRATEGIC PLAY ON THEIR PART KNOWING TWO THINGS,
THEIR PART KNOWING TWO THINGS, ONE THAT THIS STRETCHJUDGE HAS A
ONE THAT THIS STRETCHJUDGE HAS A REPUTATION OF GOING EASY.
REPUTATION OF GOING EASY. MANAFORT KNOWS THAT THE
MANAFORT KNOWS THAT THE PRESIDENT IS VENGEFUL AMONG MANY
PRESIDENT IS VENGEFUL AMONG MANY OTHER TERRIBLE CHARACTERISTICS.
OTHER TERRIBLE CHARACTERISTICS. I THINK YOU WILL END UP WITH A
I THINK YOU WILL END UP WITH A SITUATION WHERE MANAFORT DIDN’T